config reference intro and example (#143)
withastro/starlight: docs/src/content/docs/reference/configuration.md

## Configure the `starlight` integration

> Starlight is an [Astro integration](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/), configured in `astro.config.mjs`.

Reviewer: I wouldn't overwhelm the user with that page of docs, or feeling the need to understand much about Astro, integrations, etc. Instead, I might reframe to something like this:

```suggestion
Starlight is built on top the [Astro](https://astro.build) web framework. You can configure your project inside the Astro `astro.config.mjs` configuration file, like this:
```
